Update using-ldap.md (#201)
github/docs: content/admin/authentication/using-ldap.md

#### Enabling LDAP Sync

{% note %}

> **Note:** LDAP synchronized teams are limited to a maximum 1499 members.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** Teams using LDAP Sync are limited to a maximum 1499 members.
```
To keep it consistent with the rest of the article, let's call it LDAP Sync (I used `command+f` in the article to look for the word "synchronized" and it doesn't look like it's used anywhere else). 

Then, to avoid stacked modifiers (from the [localization guide](https://github.com/github/docs/blob/main/contributing/localization-checklist.md#examples)) we can switch it around to "Teams using LDAP sync."

Author: Indeed, much clearer. Thanks!
